vmctl: implement support of chunking data for vm-native export (#3044)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/vmctl.md

Instead, use [relabeling in VictoriaMetrics](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/vmctl/issues/4#issuecomment-683424375).
5. When importing in or from cluster version remember to use correct [URL format](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/Cluster-VictoriaMetrics.html#url-format)
and specify `accountID` param.
6. When migrating large volumes of data it might be useful to use `--vm-native-step-interval` flag to split single process into smaller steps.

#### Using time-based chunking of migration

> It is possible split migration process into set of smaller batches based on time. This is especially useful when migrating large volumes of data as this adds indication of progress and ability to restore process from certain point in case of failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to split migration process by time intervals. This is especially useful when migrating large volumes of data with high churn rate, adds better indication of a progress and ability to restore process from certain point of time in case of failure. 
```

> To use this you need to specify `--vm-native-step-interval` flag. Supported values are: `month`, `day`, `hour`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To split migration process by time, specify `--vm-native-step-interval` flag to one of the supported values: `month`, `day` or `hour`.
```

> Note that in order to use this it is required `--vm-native-filter-time-start` to be set to calculate time ranges for export process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note, command-line flag `--vm-native-filter-time-start` is required when using `--vm-native-step-interval`.
```

> Every range is being processed independently, which means that:
> - after range processing is finished all data within range is migrated
> - if process fails on one of stages it is guaranteed that data of prior stages is already written, so it is possible to restart process starting from failed range
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time range (step) is processed independently, which means the following:
- if specific time range (step) is finished, then all the data within the range has been successfully migrated;
- if process fails on one of steps, then it is recommend to restart the process from the failed step. As all previous steps were successfully completed.

```
